Microsoft intune - Fix search device by email (#705)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: microsoft_intune/help.md

# Version History

> * 1.2.1 - Fix search device by email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1.2.1 - Improve e-mail search in Search Devices action by performing an extended all device search for  `emailAddress` and `userPrincipalName` when e-mail is not found
```
